"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - E.E. Cummings
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" - Audrey Hepburn
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
"To bring about change, you must not be afraid to take the first step. We will fail when we fail to try." - Rosa Parks
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." - Walt Disney
"Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them." - Madam C.J. Walker
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." - Billie Jean King
"I am lucky that whatever fear I have inside me, my desire to win is always stronger." - Serena Williams
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." - Anais Nin
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." - Maya Angelou
"If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one." - Dolly Parton
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time." - Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"All dreams are within reach. All you have to do is keep moving towards them." - Viola Davis
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"When you put love out in the world it travels, and it can touch people and reach people in ways that we never even expected." - Laverne Cox
"Give light and people will find the way." - Ella Baker
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"If you risk nothing, then you risk everything." - Geena Davis
"Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined." - Toni Morrison
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." - Carol Burnett
"Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"When it comes to luck, you make your own." - Bruce Springsteen
"If you're having fun, that's when the best memories are built." - Simone Biles
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
"Hard things will happen to us. We will recover. We will learn from it. We will grow more resilient because of it." - Taylor Swift
"Your story is what you have, what you will always have. It is something to own." - Michelle Obama
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist." - Oscar Wilde
"You define beauty yourself, society doesn't define your beauty." - Lady Gaga
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you." - Mary Lou Retton
"You just gotta keep going and fighting for everything, and one day you'll get to where you want." - Naomi Osaka
"If you prioritize yourself, you are going to save yourself." - Gabrielle Union
"A problem is a chance for you to do your best." - Duke Ellington
"You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again." - Bonnie Prudden
"When you can't find someone to follow, you have to find a way to lead by example." - Roxane Gay
"There is no better compass than compassion." - Amanda Gorman
"Stand before the people you fear and speak your mind - even if your voice shakes." - Maggie Kuhn
"It's a toxic desire to try to be perfect. I realized later in life that the challenge is not to be perfect. It's to be whole." - Jane Fonda
"Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." - Alice Walker
"Love yourself first and everything else falls into line." - Lucille Ball
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on." - Robert Frost
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best." - St. Jerome
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time." - Thomas A. Edison
"If you're going through hell, keep going." - Winston Churchill
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." - George S. Patton
"When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor." - Elon Musk
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." - Aristotle
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." - Ralph Marston
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water." - Rabindranath Tagore
"Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God." - Leo Buscaglia
"I can, therefore I am." - Simone Weil
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do." - Henry Ford
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th." - Julie Andrews
"Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn." - Harriet Beecher Stowe
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines." - Robert H. Schuller
"Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay." - Simone de Beauvoir
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." - Thomas Paine
"I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse." - Florence Nightingale
"To begin, begin." - William Wordsworth
"I am not afraid... I was born to do this." - Joan of Arc
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." - Carol Burnett
"Begin to be now what you will be hereafter." - William James
"A goal is a dream with a deadline." - Napoleon Hill
"Don't think, just do." - Horace
"Either I will find a way, or I will make one." - Philip Sidney
"The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare." - Bobby Knight
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken." - Oscar Wilde
"So many books, so little time." - Frank Zappa
"Two Things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind." - Bernard M. Baruch
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." - Dr. Seuss
"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all." - Oscar Wilde
"A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you." - Elbert Hubbard
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
"Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." - Mahatma Gandhi
"We accept the love we think we deserve." - Stephen Chbosky
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." - Oscar Wilde
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." - Andre Gide
"The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." - Jane Austen
"It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than out abilities." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"Imperferction is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be asbolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring." - Marylin Monroe
"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"Good friends, good books, and sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life." - Mark Twain
"As he read, I fell in love the way you fall asleep: slowly, and then all at once." - John Green
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool." - William Shakespeare
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it." - Maurice Switzer
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect)." - Mark Twain
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present." - Bill Keane
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be." - Douglas Adams
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read." - Groucho Marx
"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." - J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living." - Dr. Seuss
"A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one." - George R.R. Martin
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"I do not think I am something I don't deserve, I'm fun!" - Douglas
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." - Arthur Ashe
"The elevator to success is out of order. You'll have to use the stairs, one step at a time." - Joe Girard
"Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful." - Joshua J. Marine
"If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"We become what we think about." - Earl Nightingale
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better." - Jim Rohn
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston S. Churchill
"Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day." - Dalai Lama
"Never let yesterday use up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen." - Michael Jordan
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." - Chris Grosser
"Get busy living or get busy dying." - Stephen King
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." - Abraham Lincoln
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." - Dalai Lama
"Dream big and dare to fail." - Norman Vaughan
"Less is more." - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
"Action is the foundational key to all success." - Pablo Picasso
"It is hard to fail but it is worse never to have tried to succeed." - Theodore Roosevelt
"That which does not kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." - Wayne Dyer
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The greater damage for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it." - Michelangelo
"In real life, I assure you, there is no such thing as algebra." - Fran Lebowitz
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralpho Waldo Emerson
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'" - Muhammad Ali
"The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." - Mark Twain
"When everything seems to be against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." - Henry Ford
"Live each day as if your life had just begun." - Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." - Lao Tzu
"Do one thing every day that scares you." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them." - Shonda Rhimes
"Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye." - Helen Keller
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but thrive." - Maya Angelou
"The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself - the invisible battles inside all of us -  that's where it's at." - Jesse Owens
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for smile is the beginning of love." - Mother Teresa
"Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own." - Robert A. Heinlein
"The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." - Audrey Hepburn
"You always gain by giving love." - Reese Witherspoon
"I love her, and that's the beginning and end of everything." - F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." - Aristotle
"Love is frinedship that has caught fire." - Ann Landers
"To be brave is to love someone unconditionally, without expecting anything in return." - Madonna